all right it seems that metabolism gets
faster when we sleep
but oversleeping slows it down during a
healthy eight hour slumber sesh
the average person will burn almost 400
calories
make your tv watching more interesting
and effective by sitting on a stability
ball
you'll burn triple the calories or about
one piece of toast with butter and jelly
and definitely make it a comedy laughing
out loud can be a great ab workout
you'll easily burn off your morning joe
with half and half but
no sugar standing in line just got a lot
more motivating
congrats you've waited your turn for an
entire half hour
to burn off what's in a tangerine
you could be getting fit while you're
getting paid too low activity jobs
such as receptionists secretaries
cashiers or drivers
can burn 816 calories in an 8 hour shift
if you spend a lot of time on the
computer grab a cup of green tea
and opt for a spicy lunch to boost your
metabolism
now for those with moderate activity
jobs teachers mechanics
cooks sales people health care workers
bright side narrators
they can burn through a thousand
calories in eight hours
now if someone complains about your
fidgeting pen tapping or leg shaking
just tell them you're trying to burn 300
extra calories a day
versus just sitting there quietly no
they won't care
high activity jobs think construction
workers waiters carpenters
plumbers electricians get quite a
workout in
eight hours more than fourteen hundred
calories
wait till you find out about
firefighters
savasana what looks like just lying face
up on the ground
is actually one of the most challenging
yoga poses
it's not only about lying it's about
complete relaxation
now don't get too excited while cooking
that big greasy pizza with all the
toppings
you're only burning about as many
calories as in a small banana
if you want a flat belly add some cardio
to torch the fat away
otherwise 30 minutes of just crunches
won't even burn off a handful of potato
chips
weight training makes micro tears in
your muscle fibers
the muscles heal themselves and get
bigger a half an hour of that
will burn off almost three oreo cookies
it's common in many world cultures to
eat while squatting
you'll need to do it for 35 minutes to
burn off one can of soda
the world plank record is 8 hours 15
minutes and 15 seconds
that guy could have burnt almost 2 000
calories the entire daily recommended
never pull your heavy card of groceries
behind you you can injure a muscle
always push it and rest assured you're
getting a safe shoulder and back workout
the world record for the largest water
aerobics class
happened in bangkok in 2009. there were
2047 participants
and the exercise area extended over a
mile
correct breathing is crucial in tai chi
to know if you're doing it right
put one hand on your belly and the other
on your chest
your stomach should expand with air like
a balloon
to burn off a single m m walking at
average pace
you'd have to cover the entire length of
a football field
barr combines elements of ballet yoga
and pilates for a low
impact high intensity workout that tones
the whole body
one theory about where jumping jacks got
the name is from general john
blackjack pershing he made his recruits
do this exercise to get in shape
others say the name came from a kid's
toy
start yourself a garden and you'll
almost be able to burn off that bowl of
cereal this morning
you'll get your daily dose of vitamin d
too
the world record for the longest hula
hoop marathon is 100 hours
that's a little over four days do the
math and the record holder must have
burnt around 36 000 calories
skateboarding started off as something
called sidewalk surfing
back in the 1950s surfers use
rectangular
planks of wood on wheels aerodynamics
came later
froggers are squats meet plank and yep
they'll get you sweating
hey you can almost burn off a kitkat bar
doing those for a half an hour
straight yao next time a friend asks you
to help them move
do it it'll definitely take more than a
half an hour
so you'll burn loads of calories eat all
the junk food you want the next day
or not paul lynch set the world record
for the most consecutive one finger
push-ups back in 1992
nobody has been able to do more than 124
swimming is an effective workout because
your muscles have to fight that water
resistance
in a half an hour you'll burn off one
pancake with syrup
labor-intensive housework like shoveling
snow and chopping wood
get rid of the calorie equivalent of one
pomegranate
yes race walking is a thing and it's an
olympic sport
to qualify as walking not running
competitors must never lose contact with
the ground
their advancing leg should always remain
straight until it's in line with the
body
half an hour of high impact aerobics ice
skating roller blading
or moderate rowing will help you burn
off enough calories
equivalent to one hamburger
high intensity squats burn more than
twice what the low intensity style does
known as the king of all exercises
because they promote the most
total body muscle growth people living
in upper floor apartments have a free
gym
right under their feet take the stairs
and don't feel guilty about that medium
caramel macchiato
the calorie burning effect after doing a
kettlebell circuit
lasts for up to 36 hours after training
like with many other high intensity
interval training workouts
do it at home with laundry detergent or
a milk jug full of water
frisbee came from the games inventor
throwing around empty pie pans with his
friends
they had the bakery's trademark engraved
on them frisbee's pies
the world burpee record was set in 2015
when
lee ryan did a total of 10 110 burpees
in 24 hours
that's one every nine seconds good for
lee
or you can do high knee running to burn
the same number of calories in
30 minutes basketball hockey beach
volleyball and martial arts
like judo karate and kickboxing are also
equal alternatives
take your pick paddy doyle
set the record for a special kind of
cross-country half marathon
in 2015. he did it in three hours and 10
minutes
with an 80-pound backpack on and that's
almost as heavy as a toilet
bicycling the dutch make up to 30 of
their trips on bikes
and 7 out of 8 adults in the netherlands
own one how many calories you burn will
depend on your speed
13 miles per hour equals one slice of
pepperoni pizza
15 miles per hour one medium fry
17 miles per hour about two brownies and
30 minutes of firefighter work
20 miles per hour one sausage egg and
cheese sandwich
the same goes for running all depends on
speed
crazy enough the highest calorie burning
activity you can do
barely gets rid of some of our most
popular junk food favorites
an 11 minute mile one slice of pizza
a nine minute mile one supreme burrito
an eight minute mile one cinnamon roll
a seven minute mile two glazed donuts
a six minute mile three pop-tarts